Bump to 6.8.0 and update the CHANGELOG (#223)
alphagov/govuk_admin_template: CHANGELOG.md

# 6.8.0

* Replace the development dependency govuk-lint with rubocop-govuk
* Fix colour contrast issues flagged by WAVE Web Accessibility Evaluation Tool

> * Ensure govkspeak guidance can be navigation to via tabbing

Reviewer: Typo:

```suggestion
* Ensure govspeak guidance can be navigated to via keyboard tabbing
```
